Okay.
This is going to be a very quick video.
We just need to be updating the UI.
So for that, we can just open up our obvious code.
And I already have the function set up over here actually for loading the booking.
So we have that function here.
The only thing that we need to be doing is the data that we receive over here.
We need to be calling that function.
So let me just add the collaborators over here.
And in this, we can also we can log the message and probably after logging the message, I'm also going
to be calling this.
Load booking and POS in the booking data.
So that's just well in our case.
So basically this load booking is going to be calling this function here and then this is going to be
setting this date and that's how our was going to reload.
So that's the only the thing that you need to be doing.
Just save this.
And if I just go back to my homepage and this time if I navigate, I should hopefully be getting this
seed booking page rendered properly.
So let's just go ahead and probably update the date.
Let's make this as tree and let's change the time as 8 p.m. and click on the book button.
And in fact, you can see that we have got the 8 p.m. and we also got the image since the movie IDs
are also being sent.
So the movie name over here and you have a fully functional booking app, although you won't be able
to go to the movie with this app.
Right.
You can also click on any of this side booking and just click on the book button and you have your movie
ready.
Okay.
So that was about how do you be consuming the events, how to be getting all of the things done.
Now, this is one small thing that I would like to add further.
Now, when we are on any of the movie apps, so let's click on this.
Captain America, I also have a book now button over here.
Now, when I click on any of those items here, I and when I click on the book button, I again need
to be navigated to the speed booking application.
And in that I need to be showing the content that has been selected over here.
So if you want to take it as a challenge, you can just do that or you can just continue along with
me and I'm going to be implementing this in the next video.